hi guys it's Jacqueline from fashion
snake calm your favorite fashion blogger
from Denver Colorado and all of the
Rockies so today it's around 40 degrees
and I'm wearing a cold weather ensemble
consisting of leather leggings and a
suede parka I started with these stretch
leather leggings from cush me a Oaks two
of my favorite designers and their
leather leggings are probably the best
you can get I would say better than the
Helmut Lang ones the only downside is
they're a little long so you'll have to
scrunch them up on the bottom but they
have the perfect fit and conform to your
body and the leather is very thin and
supple so I love these leggings and they
keep me warm on top I layered a tank
from James first which is a great
layering basic you should have in your
closet underneath an ALC polkadot
retro-inspired sweater so I'm not one to
always wear polka-dots they can make you
look bigger but in this case it was a
bright color a good sale and I love ALC
so it's a perfect sweater to brighten up
gloomy days like today overtop of the
sweater I am wearing a suede parka that
I dubbed my Giri parka after that
Seinfeld episode you know which one I'm
talking about where he's wearing his
parka you know what happens so anyway
his jacket I guess so this jacket
reminds me of it it's burgundy suede and
it's from Kelly Burgin and snagged it on
sale last year and you've seen it before
it's a great layering piece and it's
oversized so you can fit a lot
underneath it when you wring sweaters
and then on my head to keep warm
as always it's best to keep something on
your head and you'll stay warm most of
the time in the winter so make sure to
invest in cashmere accessories for the
winter this is a cashmere beanie from
Rick Owens it has very thin delicate
cashmere and you can tell it's really
well-made and it's slightly oversize
which I like so I threw that on top and
then for shoes I'm wearing YSL trip to
ankle boots these have a really unique
shape to them the really high heel of
course and then they have a really wide
opening on the top which benefits you
and then it makes your ankles look
smaller
and also if you have any kind of
scrunching you need to do for your pants
or anything else these are the boots
that will fit that scrunching so they go
they go really well for periods when you
have to wear leggings like this my
boyfriend said why did I need another
pair of black ankle boots and I totally
agree with him but when I told them that
these are very functional for these
types of leggings and hands he agreed
that they every shoe has its purpose so
you can win them over every time as long
as you have your argument ready so
that's my ensemble for today please
visit my personal style blog at
fashioned snake comm for photographs and
links to everything I'm wearing and if
you have time and you'd like to please
subscribe to me on youtube facebook blog
love and vimeo pinterest twitter and
instagram i'll talk to you later bye